government = monarchy
add_government_reform = ottoman_government
government_rank = 3
technology_group = muslim
religion = shiite
primary_culture = bedouin_arabic
add_accepted_culture = gulf_arabic
add_accepted_culture = al_misr_arabic
add_accepted_culture = al_suryah_arabic
add_accepted_culture = mahri_culture
add_accepted_culture = hejazi_culture
add_accepted_culture = omani_culture
add_accepted_culture = yemeni_culture
add_accepted_culture = moroccan
add_accepted_culture = tunisian
add_accepted_culture = algerian
add_accepted_culture = berber
add_accepted_culture = riffian
add_accepted_culture = tuareg
add_accepted_culture = kabylian
add_accepted_culture = libyan_berber_culture
add_accepted_culture = mozarab
add_accepted_culture = nabatean
add_accepted_culture = fezzan_arabic
add_accepted_culture = andalucian
add_accepted_culture = sicilian
add_accepted_culture = rumi